c8d/image/inspect: Return `Descriptor` (#48894)
moby/moby: docs/api/version-history.md

  and will be omitted in API v1.49.
* `Sysctls` in `HostConfig` (top level `--sysctl` settings) for `eth0` are
  no longer migrated to `DriverOpts`, as described in the changes for v1.46.

> * `GET /images/json` and `GET /images/{name}/json` response now includes 
>   `Descriptor` field, which contains an OCI descriptor of the image target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `GET /images/json` and `GET /images/{name}/json` response now include a
  `Descriptor` field, which contains an OCI descriptor of the image target.
```
